Let go of me!
What let go
he
Brat, weren't you very arrogant just now?
Kneel down and beg me
Okay, I'm in a good mood.
Let you taste fresh too
Fight with you
Less Clouds Less Clouds
Ah, this kid, I can't be you
They didn't do anything to you, did they?
Well, it's alright, I thank you.
I didn't expect you to live so hard for so many years
Ah, I beg you, go get it for me
A scumbag of the underclass
Dare to marry my daughter
Are you worthy? Quickly break the relationship with me
Otherwise I will see him once and I will hit him once
So many years
How are you doing?
Since that incident
I don't talk to my dad very much
But half a month
Why would they bully you?
Maybe it's like they say
No money to pay mobile phone
Don't say that about yourself
Hey, hurry up and get back to me
What did your mother get beaten up?
Could it be the gang that did it just now?
I'll go home and have a look. Okay.
Thank you, thank you, what?
If there is nothing known
I should have come home with you a long time ago.